chore: Clarify wrapping-key aws-kms behavior for non-discovery mode (#197)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-cli: README.rst

  key provider. ``The discovery`` attribute is only available if you are using an ``aws-kms`` provider.

    * If using ``aws-kms`` to decrypt, `you must specify either a key or discovery with a value of true`_.

>     * If using ``aws-kms`` to decrypt and specifying a key, decryption will only be attempted for keys identified with
>       a key ARN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If using ``aws-kms`` to decrypt and specifying a key, you must use a key ARN; key ids, alias names, and alias ARNs are not supported.
```
I found this a bit hard to parse. I would use the same wording you use in the other code bases.
